What's your name?
Where are you from?
What do you do for a living?
What's your favorite hobby?
Do you have any pets?
What's your favorite food?
Do you prefer coffee or tea?
What's your favorite movie?
Do you like to read? If so, what's your favorite book?
Are you a morning person or a night owl?
What's the best vacation you've ever taken?
Do you have any siblings? If so, how many and what are their names?
What's your favorite color?
Do you prefer the beach or the mountains?
Are you more of an introvert or an extrovert?
What's your favorite type of music to listen to?
Have you ever traveled outside of your home country? If so, where did you go and what did you do there?
Do you have any tattoos or piercings? If so, what are they and where are they located on your body?
What's the most interesting thing about yourself that most people don't know about?
Are there any foods that you absolutely refuse to eat? If so, what are they and why won't you eat them?
What is something that makes you happy no matter how bad it is going on in life?
What is something that makes someone attractive to be friends with?
What is something that makes someone unattractive to be friends with?
What is something that makes someone attractive as a romantic partner?
What is something that makes someone unattractive as a romantic partner?
What was the last thing that made you laugh out loud?
If money wasn't an issue, what would you do with your life?
What is something that you're really good at?
What is something that you're really bad at?
What's the most important thing in your life right now?
What's the most important thing you've learned in your life so far?
What's the biggest mistake you've ever made, and what did you learn from it?
If you could go back in time and change one thing about your past, what would it be and why?
What's the best advice anyone has ever given to you?
If you could have dinner with any historical figure, who would it be and why?
What's the most interesting place you've ever visited, and what did you do there?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be and why?
Do you believe in fate or free will? Why or why not?
What's your favorite thing about yourself? 
What is something that makes someone attractive as a friend? 
What is something that makes someone unattractive as a friend? 
What is something that makes someone attractive as a romantic partner? 
What is something that makes someone unattractive as a romantic partner? 
What was the last thing that made you laugh out loud?
If money wasn't an issue, what would you do with your life?
What is something that you're really good at?
What is something that you're really bad at?
What's the most important thing in your life right now? 
What's the most important thing you've learned in your life so far? 
What's the biggest mistake you've ever made, and what did you learn from it?
If there was one skill or talent that could instantly make your life better, what would it be?
What's the most important lesson you've learned from a failure?
What's the most important lesson you've learned from a success?
What's your favorite way to relax after a long day?
Do you prefer to spend time alone or with others? Why?
What's your favorite thing about your job or career?
If you could change one thing about your job or career, what would it be and why?
What's the best gift you've ever received, and why was it so special to you?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be and why?
Do you believe in ghosts or other supernatural phenomena? Why or why not?
What is something that makes someone attractive as a friend? 
What is something that makes someone unattractive as a friend? 
What is something that makes someone attractive as a romantic partner? 
What is something that makes someone unattractive as a romantic partner? 
What was the last thing that made you laugh out loud? 
If money wasn't an issue, what would you do with your life? 
What is something that you're really good at? 
What is something that you're really bad at? 
What's the most important thing in your life right now? 
What's the most important thing you've learned in your life so far?
If there was one skill or talent that could instantly make your life better, what would it be? 
What's the most important lesson you've learned from a failure?
What's the most important lesson you've learned from a success?
What's your favorite way to relax after a long day? 
Do you prefer to spend time alone or with others? Why?
What's your favorite thing about your job or career?
If you could change one thing about your job or career, what would it be and why?
What's the best gift you've ever received, and why was it so special to you?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be and why?
Do you believe in ghosts or other supernatural phenomena? Why or why not?
What is something that makes someone attractive as a friend? 
What is something that makes someone unattractive as a friend? 
What is something that makes someone attractive as a romantic partner? 
What is something that makes someone unattractive as a romantic partner? 
What was the last thing that made you laugh out loud? 
If money wasn't an issue, what would you do with your life? 
What is something that you're really good at? 
What is something that you're really bad at? 
What's the most important thing in your life right now? 
What's the most important thing you've learned in your life so far?
What's the biggest challenge you've ever faced, and how did you overcome it?
What's the most meaningful experience of your life so far?
What's one thing on your bucket list that you haven't done yet?
What's one thing on your bucket list that you have done already?
What are some of your favorite quotes or sayings?
What do you think is the key to happiness?
How do you define success in life?
What motivates and inspires you to keep going when things get tough?
How do you want to be remembered after you die?
If there was one piece of advice that could change someone's life for the better, what would it be and why?
Would you rather be able to talk to animals or speak every language?
What is your worst fear?
Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
Are there any conversation topics that make you feel uncomfortable?
What’s your favorite childhood memory?
In what ways do you self-sabotage?
Are there any hard truths that you’re afraid to admit to yourself?
Do you feel deserving of love?
What is something that you used to believe in but don’t anymore? And what changed?
Would you rather find your soulmate or your life purpose?
If you could trade places with someone for a day, who would you choose?
What was the saddest day of your life?
What is the most challenging thing you’re dealing with in your life right now?
Is there anything about yourself that you really wish you could change?
What do you love most about yourself?
What in your life brings you the most happiness?
If you knew you were going to die tomorrow, how would you spend today?
What do you think is the meaning of life?
Is there anything that you’ve done that you still feel guilty about to this day?
What do you consider your worst habit?
Do you think that good things come from suffering?
What is the best part about being you?
Do you think we will always be best friends?
Do you think it’s possible to learn hard lessons without making mistakes?
What was an experience recently where you felt let down by me?
What do you admire most about yourself?
Do you know what your purpose is? Are you working to live on purpose?
How often do you find yourself missing your ex?
Do you feel beautiful?
When was the last time you felt deeply inspired, and why?
Would you trust me with your life?
Do you feel like there are a lot of things that you worry about?
Is there anything right now that you know you should be doing, but are afraid to do?
What does your dream life look like?
Are you happy?
What areas of your life would you like to grow in, and how can I help support that growth?
Do you feel fulfilled?
How can I be a better friend to you?
Is there something that you feel as though you’re lacking in your life?
What does the perfect relationship look like to you?
Would you rather marry for love or money?
What is one thing you’d be doing right now if you had no fear of being judged?
Do you think there is a difference between living and existing?
If you had a friend that spoke to you the same way you spoke to yourself, would you be friends with them?
What makes you feel free?
Who in your life has been the most difficult to say goodbye to?
Do you think your parents did a good job raising you?
What do you think is my worst habit?
What do you admire most about me?
In what ways do you think I keep myself stuck?
What do you think is my biggest strength?
How do you describe me to people that don’t know me?
What do you think is the most important thing in my life?
What makes me feel stressed?
Who are the most important people in my life?
Do I consider myself a perfectionist? Do you think this has a negative impact on me?
What motivates me to work hard?
What accomplishment do you think I’m the proudest of?
What do you think would be a perfect career for me?
Do you consider me to be a negative person?
How do you think I would spend my perfect day?
What is one unique quality about me that you love?
How would you describe me in 3 words?
Where do you see me in 5 years?
What is my worst fear?
What has been the hardest thing I’ve had to deal with in my life?
What major do you think I will choose, and why?
What is something about me that you think only you know?
What is standing in the way of me being successful?
Is it legal for a man to marry his widow’s sister?
If a plane crashes on the border between Canada and America where do you bury the survivors?
If you have a bowl with six apples and you take four, how many would you have?
If Mrs. Johnson’s bungalow was decorated completely in pink, with pink floors, pink furniture, pink walls, what color would the stairs be?
How did a boy kick a soccer ball 10ft. and then have it come right back to him?
What do you call a woman who knows where her husband is all the time?
What do you throw out when you’re using it and keep close when you’re not?
What can be broken but never held?
What lives when it is fed but dies when it drinks?
When do you stop at green and go at red?
If a tree falls in the forest, does it make a sound?
Are children who act in R-rated films allowed to attend the premiere?
If you’re shorter than someone, is it possible to talk down to them?
Where does a thought go when it’s forgotten?
Do Siamese twins pay for one or two tickets?
How do you know that we’re not really living in the matrix?
Is it possible to put on mascara without raising your eyebrows?
If a psychic can predict the future, why are they not always winning the lottery?
If a surgeon had a heart attack during an operation, would the other staff save the doctor or the patient?
Sally is 54 years old, and her mother is 80. How many years ago was Sally’s mother 3 times her age?
There is a 3-digit number. The second digit is 4 times as big as the first digit, while the first digit is 3 less than the second digit. What is the number?
There were some people on a train. 19 people got off the train at the first stop, and 17 people got on the train. Now there are 63 people on the train. How many people were on the train in the first place?
An orchestra of 120 players takes 40 minutes to play Beethoven’s 9th symphony. How long would it take 60 players to play the same symphony?
Are you okay?
Who is your hero?
If you could live anywhere, where would it be?
What is your biggest fear?
What is your favorite family vacation?
What would you change about yourself if you could?
What really makes you angry?
What motivates you to work hard?
What is your favorite thing about your career?
What is your biggest complaint about your job?
What is your proudest accomplishment?
What is your child's proudest accomplishment?
What is your favorite book to read?
What makes you laugh the most?
What was the last movie you went to? What did you think?
What did you want to be when you were small?
What does your child want to be when he/she grows up?
If you could choose to do anything for a day, what would it be?
What is your favorite game or sport to watch and play?
Would you rather ride a bike, ride a horse, or drive a car?
What would you sing at Karaoke night?
What two radio stations do you listen to in the car the most?
Which would you rather do: wash dishes, mow the lawn, clean the bathroom, or vacuum the house?
If you could hire someone to help you, would it be with cleaning, cooking, or yard work?
If you could only eat one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Who is your favorite author?
Have you ever had a nickname? What is it?
Do you like or dislike surprises? Why or why not?
In the evening, would you rather play a game, visit a relative, watch a movie, or read?
Would you rather vacation in Hawaii or Alaska, and why?
Would you rather win the lottery or work at the perfect job? And why?
Who would you want to be stranded with on a deserted island?
If money was no object, what would you do all day?
If you could go back in time, what year would you travel to?
How would your friends describe you?
What are your hobbies?
What is the best gift you have been given?
What is the worst gift you have received?
Aside from necessities, what one thing could you not go a day without?
List two pet peeves.
Where do you see yourself in five years?
How many pairs of shoes do you own?
If you were a super-hero, what powers would you have?
What would you do if you won the lottery?
What form of public transportation do you prefer? (air, boat, train, bus, car, etc.)
What's your favorite zoo animal?
If you could go back in time to change one thing, what would it be?
If you could share a meal with any 4 individuals, living or dead, who would they be?
How many pillows do you sleep with?
What's the longest you've gone without sleep (and why)?
What's the tallest building you've been to the top in?
Would you rather trade intelligence for looks or looks for intelligence?
How often do you buy clothes?
Have you ever had a secret admirer?
What's your favorite holiday?
What's the most daring thing you've ever done?
What was the last thing you recorded on TV?
What was the last book you read?
What's your favorite type of foreign food?
Are you a clean or messy person?
Who would you want to play you in a movie of your life?
How long does it take you to get ready in the morning?
What kitchen appliance do you use every day?
What's your favorite fast food chain?
What's your favorite family recipe?
Do you love or hate rollercoasters?
What's your favorite family tradition?
What is your favorite childhood memory?
What's your favorite movie?
How old were you when you learned Santa wasn't real? How did you find out?
Is your glass half full or half empty?
What's the craziest thing you’ve done in the name of love?
What three items would you take with you on a deserted island?
What was your favorite subject in school?
What's the most unusual thing you've ever eaten?
Do you collect anything?
Is there anything you wished would come back into fashion?
Are you an introvert or an extrovert?
Which of the five senses would you say is your strongest?
Have you ever had a surprise party? (that was an actual surprise)
Are you related or distantly related to anyone famous?
What do you do to keep fit?
Does your family have a “motto” – spoken or unspoken?
If you were ruler of your own country what would be the first law you would introduce?
Who was your favorite teacher in school and why?
What three things do you think of the most each day?
If you had a warning label, what would yours say?
What song would you say best sums you up?
What celebrity would you like to meet at Starbucks for a cup of coffee?
Who was your first crush?
What's the most interesting thing you can see out of your office or kitchen window?
On a scale of 1-10 how funny would you say you are?
Where do you see yourself in 10 years?
What was your first job?
If you could join any past or current music group which would you want to join?
How many languages do you speak?
What is your favorite family holiday tradition?
Who is the most intelligent person you know?
If you had to describe yourself as an animal, which one would it be?
What is one thing you will never do again?
Who knows you the best?
What country has the highest life expectancy?
Where would you be if you were standing on the Spanish Steps?
Which language has the more native speakers: English or Spanish?
What is the most common surname in the United States?
What disease commonly spread on pirate ships?
Who was the Ancient Greek God of the Sun?
What was the name of the crime boss who was head of the feared Chicago Outfit?
What year was the United Nations established?
Who has won the most total Academy Awards?
What artist has the most streams on Spotify?
How many minutes are in a full week?
What car manufacturer had the highest revenue in 2020?
How many elements are in the periodic table?
What company was originally called "Cadabra"?
How many faces does a Dodecahedron have?
Queen guitarist Brian May is also an expert in what scientific field?
Aureolin is a shade of what color?
How many ghosts chase Pac-Man at the start of each game?
What Renaissance artist is buried in Rome's Pantheon?
What shoe brand makes the "Mexico 66"?
What game studio makes the Red Dead Redemption series?
Who was the last Tsar of Russia?
What character have both Robert Downey Jr. and Benedict Cumberbatch played?
What country drinks the most coffee per capita?
Which planet in the Milky Way is the hottest?
What is the 4th letter of the Greek alphabet?
What sports car company manufactures the 911?
What city is known as "The Eternal City"?
Roald Amundsen was the first man to reach the South Pole, but where was he from?
What is the highest-rated film on IMDb as of January 1st, 2022?
Who discovered that the earth revolves around the sun?
What company was initially known as "Blue Ribbon Sports"?
What art form is described as "decorative handwriting or handwritten lettering"?
Which planet has the most moons?
What country has won the most World Cups?
Kratos is the main character of what video game series?
In what country would you find Mount Kilimanjaro?
What is a group of pandas known as?
What European country experienced the highest rate of population decline from 2015 - 2020?
How many bones do we have in an ear?
Who famously crossed the Alps with elephants on the way to war with the Romans?
True or False: Halloween originated as an ancient Irish festival.
What Netflix show had the most streaming views in 2021?
Which grammy-nominated New York rapper died in April of 2021?
What software company is headquartered in Redmond, Washington?
What is the largest Spanish-speaking city in the world?
What is the world's fastest bird?
In what country is the Chernobyl nuclear plant located?
The Parthenon Marbles are controversially located in what museum?
What are you grateful to have in your daily life?
List the top things you think about the most. How do those thoughts make you feel? Out of those thoughts, which are worth thinking about?
List the top activities you do the most. How do those activities make you feel? Out of those things, which are worth your time?
What could you do to improve your daily routine?
Pay attention to your thoughts today. Is there a recurring thought you’d like to get rid of?
What have you been postponing lately? Why are you avoiding it?
What’s the thing you crave the most? How do you think that thing is going to make your life better?
List all the ways in which you could make your days better.
List all the bad habits you’d like to get rid of. Why are they bad, in your opinion?
How do you usually feel every day?
How do you measure success? What does success mean to you?
Do you believe one day you’ll be successful the way you want?
Make a list of all the traits successful people have in common.
How does making a mistake at work make you feel/think about yourself?
Do you believe in your ability to make your dreams happen?
Would you say you allow yourself to make mistakes?
Do you take responsibility for your mistakes, or do you tend to blame others?
What does “making progress” mean to you? How much progress is good progress?
Do you tend to make excuses? How can you work around them?
Are you a pessimist or an optimist? Why?
In your opinion, what does it mean to live a “meaningful” life?
What change do you want to make in the world?
How would your perfect day be from the moment you wake up to the moment you go to bed?
Do you feel like you deserve to have what you want? Do you feel worthy of your dreams and goals?
If you keep doing what you’re doing now, where will you be in one year? How does that thought make you feel?
What’s the ideal amount of money you’d like to have in your bank account?
Which objects, styles, smells, and feelings best describe your ideal life? What does that say about what you want?
For example, you may be drawn to minimalist homes in the mountains or a penthouse in the middle of the city.
What’s preventing you from taking action?
Complete the following: I’d love to _____, but I haven’t because _____.
What are you willing to sacrifice to get what you want in life?
What can you do today to start building your dream life?
If you could go back in time, what would you change? How would that affect you today?
Is there something you no longer do that you’d like to do again?
Which memory, person, or feeling do you need to let go of?
Why do you think you haven’t let that go yet? Why would it be beneficial to get over it?
Which piece of advice would you give your younger self? Where does that advice come from?
What mistake or rough time taught you something you’re grateful for today?
Think about a mistake you made. How did you react? What did you tell yourself? What does that say about you?
Describe a traumatic or sad past event, and list everything you learned about it.
If you could meet with a version of your past self that was going through a rough patch, what would you tell her or him?
If your past self could get a glimpse into the future and see where you are today and what you’re doing, what would she or he say?
How often do you ignore your own feelings and/or what your gut’s trying to tell you?
What makes you feel discouraged?
What’s the longest you’ve been mad at someone? Would you say you tend to hold grudges for too long?
How do you feel when you’re in new environments with new people?
How do you feel about what you do for a living?
What’s something you think you’ll never do? Why?
Are you assertive, passive, or aggressive when you’re angry?
Is there something you often feel that you no longer want to feel?
How do you act when you’re under pressure?
How do you behave when you’re dealing with difficult emotions? Do you usually let them bottle up? Or are you good at handling them in a healthy way?
What can you start doing today to make your future self happier and more fulfilled?
Make a list of all the things you want to be doing in 12 months. You can also include things you want to have and ways in which you’d like to feel a year from now.
How do you picture your life 20 years from now? How do you feel about that?
Are you doing challenging things today that will make your life better in the future? List them.
Where does your future self live?
What do you want to feel proud of in 1 to 3 years?
What are you doing in the next 6-12 months to become the person you want to be?
What do you think your future self deserves?
Imagine you’re on your deathbed. What do you regret not doing?
Describe how you want your life to be when you retire.
What does self-growth mean to you?
Do you consider yourself a self-aware person?
There’s always room for improvement in every area of life. Which actions can you take to improve yours?
When was the last time you took a risk? Was it worth it?
List three life lessons you’ve learned and will never forget.
Have you taken action to change, improve or leave situations (or people, habits, etc.) that add little to no value to your life? Do you have a plan to do so? If not, why not?
Do you think you communicate effectively? Why?
Do you consider yourself an emotionally intelligent person? If not, list the things you’d like to improve in that area.
Is the fear of rejection or failure stopping you from taking action? Which tiny steps can you take to start facing those fears?
Have you grown as a person in the last 12 months? How?
When you meet someone, what makes you instantly like/dislike them? What do you think is the reason behind that?
If your relationships with someone else improved, would you feel more at peace with yourself?
What can you do to improve or keep nurturing your relationships?
How do you express your feelings for people you care about or love? What’s your love language?
How do you feel about your most important relationships?
How often do you put yourself in other people’s shoes?
Describe the love partner you think you deserve.
What’s something you’d like to tell a loved one but haven’t found the courage to say?
Is there something you need to apologize for?
What do you blame your family for?
What’s something people see in you that makes them love you or look up to you?
What fear have you overcome, and how did you do it?
How would you describe a self-confident person? Which of those traits would you like to have?
What are the reasons you’re thankful for your body?
Make a list of 5 to 10 things you love about yourself.
Make a list of 3-5 things you’ve accomplished and feel proud of. It can be anything that was challenging for you, but you did anyway.
Do you speak up when you feel taken advantage of or abused?
What are you good at?
Are you taking care of your mental and physical health? How?
How often do you celebrate yourself and your accomplishments?
From 1-10, how self-confident are you? If it’s low, do you think your self-confidence is holding you back?
Which are your top 3 values in life? Check out a helpful list of personal values here.
Do you tend to act on your ideas, dreams, or goals to make them happen?
How do you behave under stressful situations?
From 1 to 10, how ambitious are you?
How do you deal with stressful situations and overwhelm?
How do you respond to criticism or feedback?
How do you tend to react if a coworker says your performance could improve and offers constructive criticism?
How do you react when something bothers you?
Passive: just go with the flow and expect it to solve on its own.
Aggressive: you get defensive and don’t think twice before making a fuss about it.
Assertive: you focus on fixing the problem in a mature way and make compromises if necessary.
Do you tend to do things to impress others?
After answering all these questions, how would you describe yourself?
In your own words, does true love exist?
In your own words, is there life after death?
In your own words, should abortion be allowed? 
In your own words, what is the purpose of life? 
In your own words, why is there hatred in the world? 
In your own words, does he or she love me? If yes, how do you say so?
In your own words, why are there wars?
How to be happy?
Does happiness exists? If yes, why there are people still sad even they are happy?
In your own words, can God create something that he can't lift it up?
Give atleast one person who didn't experienced death.
If most of the universe named after the Gods and Godesses in Greek Myths, who was the name who named Earth? If Earth named after one the those Gods, they who iss he/she?
What was the world looks like after a hundread year?
Who are the 12 disciples chosen by Jesus Christ?
If you were lived in the time of Jesus Christ, do you believe that he is a God or not? (be honest) Why? Why not?
If the time of Jesus Christ was now, and you see those things he did, do you believe that he is a God? Why? Why not?
If Moses wrote the book of Genesis, which decribes as the beginning of the world, do you believe the content of it?
How many days did God take to create the world?
How many days and nights did it rain when Noah was on the ark?
What was God’s sign to Noah that he would never destroy the earth again?
Through what did God speak to Moses in the desert?
What did Moses say God commanded the Pharaoh to do?
What did Moses say God commanded the Pharaoh to do?
What are the ten commandments?
Who was the first king of Israel?
When Daniel prayed to God after it was not allowed, where was he thrown into?
Who was Jesus’ birth father?
True or False: Because Jesus was God, he didn’t obey his parents’ rules.
Before Jesus started preaching, what was his job?
Name the place where Jesus walked on water?
True or False: Jesus stayed away from people with bad reputations?
True or False: Everywhere he went, people loved Jesus and believed his message?
What is the shortest verse in the Bible?
How much bread and fish did Jesus use to feed more than 5,000 people?
Name the disciple who betrayed Jesus.
If udas Iscariot didn't betrayed Jesus Christ, do you think Jesus Christ still killed? By how?
Which disciple denied Jesus three times?
What day of the week did Jesus rise back to life?
How many books have the name John in them?
Name the person who received the 10 Commandments from God?
What is the first commandment?
What is the second commandment?
What is the third commandment?
What is the fourth commandment?
What is the fifth commandment?
What is the sixth commandment?
What is the seventh commandment?
What is the eighth commandment?
What is the ninth commandment?
What is the tenth commandment?
What does Jesus say is the first and greatest commandment?
What does Jesus say is the second and greatest commandment?
Which book did David write most of?
True or False: The Bible was first written in the English language? If false, from what languages does the bible written of?
What were men trying to do at the Tower of Babel?
What position of power was Joseph given by the Pharaoh?
True or False: Jesus was an only child.
How many people did Jesus feed with fish and bread?
Which human author wrote the most books?
Which human author wrote the most words in the Bible?
Who were Noah’s three sons?
Who was the one who called as father of many nations?
Who was the son of Isaac, son of Abraham and Sarah?
What city did God make the walls fall so Joshua and the Israelites could conquer it?
Who was the judge who took a Nazarite vow from birth and fought against the Philistines?
How many wives did Solomon have?
Did Solomon always follow the Lord?
Who was the last king Daniel served under in the Bible?
What Israelite saved her people from being murdered and was a wife of the king?
True or False: At first, Jesus' family tried to stop his ministry and said he was crazy.
True or False: John the Baptist wore clothes made of goat hair.
Which member of the Jewish ruling council came to ask Jesus questions at night?
What garden did Jesus go to when he prayed after the Last Supper?
What was another name for the Apostle Paul?
Who persecuted Christians?
Where can you find the 10 commandments in the Bible?
What is the introduction to the Commandments?
Where is the Fruit of the Spirit found in the Bible?
Name any of the 9 Fruits of the Spirit.
What do you call to the opposite of the Fruit of the Spirit?
Where in the Bible can you find the Lord’s Prayer?
How many requests are in the Lord’s Prayer?
What is your life verse?