Who were Noah’s three sons?
How many requests are in the Lord’s Prayer?
Who are the 12 disciples chosen by Jesus Christ?
What did Jesus say about the two greatest commandments? (Mark 12:28-34)
What is the meaning of the parable of the talents? (Matthew 25:14-30)
Sajid Bulig died in what incident?
What did Jesus say is the greatest commandment? (Matthew 22:37-40)
What is the fourth commandment?
What are the ten commandments?
What kind of people do you enjoy spending time with the most? 
In your own words, should abortion be allowed? 
Name the place where Jesus walked on water?
What was the last thing that made you laugh?
How can you use my strengths to make a positive impact on the world around you?
Do you have any irrational beliefs, if so what are they?
What did Jesus say about the importance of being born again? (John 3:3)
Who has had the biggest impact on your life and why?
Are there any habits or behaviors that hold you back from achieving your goals? 
Which disciple denied Jesus three times?
True or False: At first, Jesus' family tried to stop his ministry and said he was crazy.
What is the Great Commission? (Matthew 28:19-20)
What is the peak of knowledge, or what is the highest level of knowledge?
Where can you find the story of the feeding of the five thousand? (Matthew 14:13-21)
What is the meaning of the parable of the prodigal son? (Luke 15:11-32)
Which human author wrote the most books?
Which human author wrote the most words in the Bible?
Before Jesus started preaching, what was his job?
How do you want to be remembered by future generations after you die?
What do you think is my biggest accomplishment so far?
Define matter using three to five words.
Who was the son of Isaac, son of Abraham and Sarah?
How would others describe your personality in three words or less? 
If you were given a chance, from what specific year would you like to go?
If you were lived in the time of Jesus Christ, do you believe that he is a God or not? (be honest) Why? Why not?
Give atleast one fiesta or event that most popular to your province/city.
What is your current situation regarding family and friend relationship?
What did Jesus say about the importance of prayer? (Matthew 6:5-15)
What did Jesus say about the greatest among you being a servant? (Matthew 23:11)
Who was the first king of Israel?
How do you handle conflicts with others? 
What does your name means?
What is the first book of the Bible and where can it be found? (Genesis 1:1)
What did Jesus say when he was on the cross? (Luke 23:34)
What is something you’ve always wanted to try but haven’t yet? 
What is your life verse?
Which book did David write most of?
What is your biggest accomplishment?
What is something you’re really bad at that not many people know about? 
What was the last thing that made you cry?
If you were define yourself, do you think that you're already matured?
What are some things that you're ashamed of but never get to talk about?
What is your biggest regret?
Name the disciple who betrayed Jesus.
What is the eighth commandment?
What is the first commandment?
Are you still believing to this quote: "Ang kabataan ang pag-asa ng bayan"? If yes, prove it.
What is your favorite subject?
True or False: Jesus was an only child.
Where is the Fruit of the Spirit found in the Bible?
What is the significance of the story of Esther? (Esther 1:1-22)
Who persecuted Christians?
True or False: The Bible was first written in the English language? If false, from what languages does the bible written of?
In your own words, can God create something that he can't lift it up?
What position of power was Joseph given by the Pharaoh?
What was the last thing that made you angry?
As a family member, do you love your father?
What is the significance of the story of Daniel in the lion's den? (Daniel 6:1-28)
What city did God make the walls fall so Joshua and the Israelites could conquer it?
What was the world looks like after a hundread year?
Are you a morning person or a night owl?
What is thee nationality of Ferdinand Magellan?
If most of the universe named after the Gods and Godesses in Greek Myths, who was the name who named Earth? If Earth named after one the those Gods, they who iss he/she?
What did Jesus say about the importance of forgiveness? (Matthew 18:21-22)
What are some things that gives you hope for a better future for yourself and others around you?
True or False: Everywhere he went, people loved Jesus and believed his message?
Do you consider yourself an introvert or an extrovert? 
How can you use my experiences and knowledge to teach others valuable lessons in life?
Who is the first Prime Minister of the Philppines, before Emilio Aguinaldo become the first President of the Philippines?
In your own words, why are there wars?
Marcelo H. Del Pilar become popular from what artwork?
What were men trying to do at the Tower of Babel?
What is your favorite quotation?
What is "MANINIYOT" in english?
What is my least favorite thing about yourself?
In your own words, does true love exist?
What is the first word you see from these letters "ceimmmnott"?
Where can you find the story of the battle of David and Goliath? (1 Samuel 17:1-58)
What was God’s sign to Noah that he would never destroy the earth again?
What day of the week did Jesus rise back to life?
Bible says that woman are more precious from what gem?
How many days did God take to create the world?
If the time of Jesus Christ was now, and you see those things he did, do you believe that he is a God? Why? Why not?
Who wrote most of the Psalms? (King David)
Where can you find the story of the Israelites wandering in the wilderness? (Exodus 16:1-36)
Where can you find the story of the Good Samaritan? (Luke 10:25-37)
What band, group, or solo artist would you like to meet in person? Only one artist.
What is your definition of the word "REVIEW"?
Do people generally see you as you see yourself?
What is the shortest verse in the Bible? (John 11:35 - "Jesus wept")
What are your core values?
Where can you find the story of the Israelites crossing the Jordan River? (Joshua 3:1-17)
How many days and nights did it rain when Noah was on the ark?
What is the shortest verse in the Bible?
How do you handle disagreements with others? 
Name the person who received the 10 Commandments from God?
What did Jesus say about the importance of seeking first the kingdom of God? (Matthew 6:33)
What is the surname of Dr. Jose Rizal?
What is the tenth commandment?
What kind of people do you avoid spending time with the most? 
What are some things that you're grateful for in your life right now?
What is your favorite academic subject? Why? (Reses must not be answered)
Are you a forgiving person, why or why not? 
Where can you find the story of the parting of the Red Sea? (Exodus 14:1-31)
Where can you find the story of the birth of Jesus? (Luke 2:1-20)
Expectations versus reality, from which event that you didn't expected to happen?
What did Jesus say about the importance of faith? (Matthew 17:20)
What is your favorite color?
What are the differences of KNOWLEDGE and WISDOM?
In your own words, is there life after death?
Are there any habits or behaviors that help you achieve your goals? 
What are the five traits that you want for your friend or best friend?
Where can you find the 10 commandments in the Bible?
If udas Iscariot didn't betrayed Jesus Christ, do you think Jesus Christ still killed? By how?
What kind of books, movies, or TV shows do not interest you at all and why not? 
What are some things that you're proud of but never get to talk about?
What makes you sad or upset?
From the english subject: Define "SUBJECT" in other words.
Who was the one who called as father of many nations?
How do you handle uncertainty in my life? 
What is the third commandment?
What did Jesus say about loving your enemies? (Matthew 5:43-48)
How do you want to be remembered by your family and friends after you die? 
Who was Jesus’ birth father?
What is the meaning of the parable of the lost sheep? (Luke 15:1-7)
What did Jesus say about the importance of humility? (Matthew 23:12)
How many times did you make wrong decisions?
List atleast three things that you're doing from your current routine.
What is your favorite hobby?
What is "SALUMPUWIT" in english?
What did Jesus say to his disciples before ascending into heaven? (Matthew 28:18-20)
In your own words, does he or she loves you? If yes, how do you say so?
What did Moses say God commanded the Pharaoh to do?
Where can you find the story of the Tower of Babel? (Genesis 11:1-9)
What is the golden rule? (Matthew 7:12)
How do you handle stress and pressure?
What do you enjoy doing in your free time?
Where can you find the story of the burning bush? (Exodus 3:1-22)
Where can you find the story of the walls of Jericho falling? (Joshua 6:1-27)
How do you define success for yourself?
How do you want to be remembered by your community after you die? 
What does Jesus say is the first and greatest commandment?
What is the fifth commandment?
What are some things that makes you feel alive and passionate about life itself? 
Do you have any regrets in life? If so, what are they? 
What is the name of your crush?
What are some of your short-term goals in life? 
What garden did Jesus go to when he prayed after the Last Supper?
What did Moses say God commanded the Pharaoh to do?
What is the seventh commandment?
Where is the famous verse "For God so loved the world" found? (John 3:16)
What are the fruits of the Spirit? (Galatians 5:22-23)
What food you want to eat during stress?
Who built the ark? (Genesis 6:14-22)
What is the significance of the story of Ruth and Naomi? (Ruth 1:1-22)
What are the things you commonly during the times that you're stress?
What are some things that challenges you but also inspires you at the same time?
Are you already self-aware person?
What are your weaknesses?
How do you handle compliments or positive feedback from others? 
Did Solomon always follow the Lord?
What kind of impact would you like to make on the environment during your lifetime? 
What is the ninth commandment?
Give atleast one person who didn't experienced death.
How much bread and fish did Jesus use to feed more than 5,000 people?
What are some things that you take for granted in my life right now?
Who is someone you admire and why?
What are the things that gives you stress?
In your own words, why is there hatred in the world? 
Do you believe in luck and being lucky?
What kind of legacy would you like to leave behind when you die? 
What do you call to the opposite of the Fruit of the Spirit?
What are some of your long-term goals in life? 
Name any of the 9 Fruits of the Spirit.
What are some things that scares you but also excites you at the same time?
What is the meaning of the parable of the wise and foolish builders? (Matthew 7:24-27)
What is the first city of the Philippines?
World War II become one of the most historic worldwide event. The question is, how does the World War II started?
How do you define happiness for yourself?
True or False: Because Jesus was God, he didn’t obey his parents’ rules.
What is the introduction to the Commandments?
Do you believe that money can buy happiness, why or why not? 
Do you believe in fate/destiny, if so how does this manifest itself in my life?
What do you think is my biggest failure so far?
What is the meaning of the parable of the sower? (Matthew 13:1-23)
What is something you’ve tried and failed at, but would like to try again? 
What are your strengths?
Where can you find the story of Noah and the flood? (Genesis 6:9-22)
As a family member, do you love your mother?
Without asking google or chatgpt, what is the element name of the element with atomic number 14?
How do you handle criticism or negative feedback from others?
What is the Lord's Prayer? (Matthew 6:9-13)
What are some of your pet peeves or things that annoy you the most? 
How do you handle change in my life? 
What motivates you?
What kind of impact would you like to make on future generations during your lifetime? 
How do you want to be remembered by others after you die? 
How can you overcome my weaknesses to achieve my goals in life?
What was another name for the Apostle Paul?
What are some of the most important lessons you’ve learned in life so far? 
What are some of your favorite memories from childhood? 
If the Earth's gravity is 9.8m/s, what is the gravity of moon?
Does happiness exists? If yes, why there are people still sad even they are happy?
What is the nickname of Dr. Jose Rizal?
How do you handle compliments or positive feedback from yourself? 
Which member of the Jewish ruling council came to ask Jesus questions at night?
Where can you find the Beatitudes? (Matthew 5:3-12)
What kind of impact do you want to make on the world during my lifetime?
True or False: Jesus stayed away from people with bad reputations?
They said that Ferdinand Magellan discovered Philippines. The question is, what is the first name of the Philippines?
How do you want to be remembered by your colleagues and coworkers after you die? 
How do you handle criticism or negative feedback from yourself? 
How do you handle failure or disappointment?
Where in the Bible can you find the Lord’s Prayer?
Where can you find the story of the Israelites' exodus from Egypt? (Exodus 12:1-42)
Who was the judge who took a Nazarite vow from birth and fought against the Philistines?
How to be happy?
What did Jesus say about the greatest love? (John 15:13)
What is the sixth commandment?
True or False: John the Baptist wore clothes made of goat hair.
What kind of person do you want to become in the future and why?
What is the last creature that God made according to the book of Genesis?
What makes you happy?
If you're like nobita with a friend from future named doraemon, and you have a wish, what would you like to wish and why?
What was the last thing that made you proud of yourself?
What is life in one sentence?
If Moses wrote the book of Genesis, which decribes as the beginning of the world, do you believe the content of it?
What are some of your guilty pleasures or things that make you feel guilty for enjoying them? 
What is the second commandment?
What is the significance of the Ten Commandments? (Exodus 20:1-17)
How would you describe yourself in one word?
From what galactic activity that creates Aurora Borealis?
How many books have the name John in them?
What are some of the most important values you hold dear and why? 
In your circle of friends, true friends or not, how do you rate yourself that you're belong to them?
What is the significance of the story of Jonah and the big fish? (Jonah 1:1-17)
Who was the last king Daniel served under in the Bible?
What are some of your favorite memories from adulthood? 
What did Jesus say about the importance of loving one another? (John 13:34-35)
What kind of impact would you like to make on the world during your lifetime? 
What is my favorite thing about yourself?
Do you have any regrets in life so far, if so what are they?
English is being called as the universal language, from what country does english came from?
How do you want to spend the rest of my life and why?
What is my definition of happiness and how does it differ from society’s definition of happiness? 
What was the last thing that made you happy?
Are there any causes or issues that you don’t care about and why not?
Are there any activities that make time fly by for you? If so, what are they? 
What if your motto in life aside of "Time is Gold"?
Are you a spiritual person, if so how does this manifest itself in my life?
What kind of books, movies, or TV shows do you enjoy the most and why? 
What animal that signifies you?
What is my definition of success and how does it differ from society’s definition of success? 
What Israelite saved her people from being murdered and was a wife of the king?
What does Jesus say is the second and greatest commandment?
Who was the first king of Israel? (1 Samuel 10:1)
What is your least favorite hobby?
How many people did Jesus feed with fish and bread?
What is your biggest fear?
From what family script does baybayin come from?
What is something you’re really good at that not many people know about? 
Are there any causes or issues that are important to you and why? 
How many wives did Solomon have?
Do you have any irrational fears, if so what are they?
Where did Rizal dedicate El Filibusterismo?
Where can you find the story of the Prodigal Son? (Luke 15:11-32)
How important is money and material possessions to you and why or why not?  
What are some things that drains you emotionally, mentally, or physically? 
Do you have any fears or phobias? If so, what are they? 
Do you really love someone?
When Daniel prayed to God after it was not allowed, where was he thrown into?
Be honest, if you were choosing one thing, which one do you choose: Family or God? Why?
In your own words, what is the purpose of life? 
How can you use my talents and skills to help others in need?
Through what did God speak to Moses in the desert?
Do you believe in love at first sight, if so why or why not?
What is the significance of the Last Supper? (Matthew 26:17-30)
What kind of impact would you like to make on society during your lifetime? 
Where can you find the story of David and Goliath? (1 Samuel 17:1-58)
